
Another installation is already in progress
     Another software is already running on the device and only one can run at a time.
     
Attempting to connect
     In the process of connecting to the device

All patches failed to install
     All the patches you attempted to deploy failed on the device, it may appear if all patches were skipped due to supersedence. 
     
Device mismatch
     The device you targeted doesn't match the device in the console
     
Failed to connect
     Generic message indicating that we could not connect to the device
     
Lost connection
     Server/vRep lost the connection the device
     
 Not enough disk space
     Low disk space
     
Offline
     Unable to get to the device at all so we believe it is turned off or not connected to any network 
     
 Stack Overflow
     Code just kept calling itself in a loop over and over again
     
Target device disconnected or conn
     Same as lost connection but most likely the device notified the server that it was shutting down

TaskResult_-532462766 - .Net Framework compiler is corrupted, the repair tool can be downloaded from https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=30135

Task result_-1073741502
    {DLL Initialization Failed} Initialization of the dynamic link library %hs failed. The process is terminating abnormally.
    
TaskResult-1073741571 - the process of patch scanning was terminated before it finished, device could run out of memory.

TaskResult_-2146232000 - the agent may have difficulty establishing SSL connection to the cloud

TaskResult_-2147024784
    ERROR_DISK_FULL
    
The wait operation timed out.
       We were waiting for a command to run and eventually we gave up waiting for it to finish. 
       
Timeout waiting for connection
       Tried to connect to the device but ultimately we couldn't connect and so we timed out.
       
Timeout waiting for the device after reboot
       We rebooted the device however it never came back online and we never reconnected.
       
Unable to connect potential firewall or non windows pc
      Some device responded however we couldn't connect to it, it could be linux or device with a firewall.
